# Introduction to Machine Learning

Many of you might have heard of machine learning before, some of you might have even used it! Here we will start with the basics. First we need to know what machine learning is and WHY would we want to use it in Data Science.

### Task 1: 

There are 2 main types of machine learning tasks; supervirsed learning and unsupervirsed learning. Research what the main differences between these and what tasks they might be useful for.

```

#In simple terms, supervised learning is when we know the variables we are looking for. When we plot data onto a graph, we know the labels of the axes. Supervised learning usually takes on a regression or classification model. Unsupervised learning is when we do not know the labels on the axes. Clustering is often used, so when we see data points that are clustered together, we have to find the correltion between those data points.

```

To start us of with we will be using a supervirsed machine learning method. One of simplest methods is the k-Nearest Neighbors. 


### Task 2

Research the k-Nearest Neighbors algortihtm and how it can be used for classification and regression models, detail your findings below. 

Useful links to start you off with:
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/neighbors.html#classification , 
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/auto_examples/neighbors/plot_classification.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-neighbors-plot-classification-py

```
K nearest numbers uses makes use of the data points around the point of interest. The K refers to the number of data points around the one undergoing study which will influence the prediction


```

As you may have noticed k-Neares Neighbors is within the scikit-learn library. This is the most prominent machine learning library in Python and contains state-of the art machine learning methods! You can find a lot of information on their website (https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) so make sure to keep that handy! 
Now we will be implementing our classification algorithm! 

### Task 3: 

Following the example detailed in https://scikit-learn.org/stable/auto_examples/neighbors/plot_classification.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-neighbors-plot-classification-py

Import all functionalities from libraries needed as well as the dataset. First, visualize the iris dataset! What do each of the columns in the data represent?

Then run the code. First plot the boundaries defined by the model without the training data on the plot. Then add the training data to your plot. 

```

#INSERT CODE HERE 

```

### This is the end of this training exercise. In order to become proficient with these methodologies you will need PRACTICE! So make sure to look at examples on the scikit-learn website and run the codes yourself!
